I gotta shut it down can't
he's the firewall protecting his
wireless signal but he's working off an
IP X located at 23rd and Myra got a hood
up the middle of the day
I have 53 cases on my desk right now
House Carnahan not making very
persuasive argument
see anything I'm only on the first floor
just six more to go
resources
he's not here listening what I search
every office on every floor
he's not here is this the right place
are you sure yeah crap what how is this
possible this can't happen he's talked
to me wait
he moved just north of the ocean grant
on my way
I think the cookies but I thought that I
could win
Gavin Carnahan I find you guilty of
crimes against the going down do this
don't do that and I sentence you to
death
vacant lot how is this possible that
can't happen you find the right address
now
Oliver's overcome understand